TW-459 doc test reports and newman discoverability (#4131)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/running-collections/using-newman-cli/installing-running-newman.md

    console.log('collection run complete!');
});
```

## Sending Newman run data to Postman

Postman shows earlier collection runs in the **Run History** tab of a collection. In addition to showing results from Collection Runner, you can also send Newman run data to Postman and also view it in this tab. This is also called _ingesting_ run data.

> To ingest Newman runs to Postman:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ingest Newman runs into Postman:
```

(I'm suggesting "into" vs "to" because I think it plays better with "ingest", but totally up to you)

> 1. Make sure you have Newman version 5.3.2 or greater and a NodeJS version 14 or greater. You can verify this with `newman -v` and `node -v`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure you have Newman version 5.3.2 or greater and Node.js version 14 or greater. You can verify this with `newman -v` and `node -v`.
```
